WebAuthn Doc 02 - WebAuthn CRUD/Import APIs (#1715)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: site/docs/v1/tech/apis/_import-webauthn-request-body.adoc

==== Request Body

[.api]
[field]#credentials# [type]#[Array]# [required]#Required#::

> The list of passkeys to import.

Author: Yeah. I started with a single, and Daniel suggested making it a list to allow importing multiple in one API call.

The User import also only accepts an array.

[field]#credentials``[x]``.algorithm# [type]#[Long]# [required]#Required#::

> The identifier for the signing algorithm used with the passkey. These values are defined by https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc9053[RFC 9053]. FusionAuth supports a subset of these algorithms.

Author: That is a better link to use. I'll update those.

I wasn't sure whether this was the best place to outline the subset. We currently support 9 signing algorithms, which seemed like a lot for an API doc. It's probably good to put the info where it is most relevant though. I'll get that updated.

> The identifier for the signing algorithm used with the passkey. These values are defined by https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc9053[RFC 9053]. FusionAuth supports a subset of these algorithms.

Author: Still working on adding the supported algorithms. Will have those done shortly.

> The identifier for the signing algorithm used with the passkey. These values are defined by https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc9053[RFC 9053]. FusionAuth supports a subset of these algorithms.

Author: Does this look okay?

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3409780/202217192-b58ebb96-65d4-41ed-89a3-ec3fd095bf23.png)

> The identifier for the signing algorithm used with the passkey. These values are defined by https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc9053[RFC 9053]. FusionAuth supports a subset of these algorithms.

Reviewer: I think that looks fantastic. I didn't look at how you implemented it, but I'd probably extract it to an include and put it on this page as well: https://fusionauth.io/docs/v1/tech/reference/data-types

> The identifier for the signing algorithm used with the passkey. These values are defined by https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc9053[RFC 9053]. FusionAuth supports a subset of these algorithms.

Author: Added to that page as well.

[field]#credentials``[x]``.attestationType# [type]#[String]# [optional]#Optional# [default]#defaults to `none`#::

> The attestation type provided when the passkey was registered. FusionAuth cannot validate the attestation on import. This is for record keeping only.

Author: If a customer has WebAuthn passkeys from another system that they want to import that had attestation provided when the passkey was registered, they may want to carry that information over on import to FusionAuth.

Your wording is clearer though.

[field]#credentials``[x]``.authenticatorSupportsUserVerification# [type]#[Boolean]# [optional]#Optional# [default]#defaults to `false`#::

> Indicates whether user verification was provided at the time the passkey was registered.

Reviewer: how about:

```
Indicates whether this authenticator supports user verification. User verification ensures that the user is authorized to use the authenticator.
+
This value is currently determined by whether user verification occurred during the registration of this passkey rather than by examining FIDO metadata.
```

Or something similar. Happy to chat sync if that would be helpful too.

[field]#credentials``[x]``.credentialId# [type]#[String]# [required]#Required#::

> The credential Id generated by the authenticator stored as a base64URL-encoded string. This value is used by authenticators to look up a passkey during an authentication ceremony.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The credential Id generated by the authenticator stored as a base64url encoded string. This value is used by authenticators to look up a passkey during an authentication ceremony.
```

That is what wikipedia has: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Base64

[field]#credentials``[x]``.data# [type]#[Object]# [optional]#Optional#::
An object that can hold any information about the passkey that should be persisted.

[field]#credentials``[x]``.discoverable# [type]#[Boolean]# [optional]#Optional# [default]#defaults to `false`#::

> Indicates whether the passkey is "client-side discoverable." Discoverable passkeys can be used in authentication ceremonies without first identifying the user (e.g. by requiring the user to complete a form field).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Indicates whether the passkey is "client-side discoverable." Discoverable passkeys can be used in authentication ceremonies without first identifying the user (e.g. by requiring the user to provide their username).
```

[field]#credentials``[x]``.displayName# [type]#[String]# [required]#Required#::

> The display name for the passkey selected during registration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The display name for the passkey.
```

I'm not sure what `registration` refers to here.

The Id of the passkey. If not specified a secure random UUID will be generated.

[field]#credentials``[x]``.insertInstant# [type]#[Long]# [optional]#Optional# [default]#defaults to now#::
The link:/docs/v1/tech/reference/data-types#instants[instant] when passkey was created.

[field]#credentials``[x]``.lastUseInstant# [type]#[Long]# [optional]#Optional# [default]#defaults to now#::
The link:/docs/v1/tech/reference/data-types#instants[instant] when passkey was last used.

[field]#credentials``[x]``.name# [type]#[String]# [optional]#Optional# [default]#defaults to **[see description]**#::
A unique name meant to disambiguate passkeys with the same [field]#credential.displayName#. If this value is omitted, a string of four alphabetic characters will be generated. The combination of characters will be unique among the passkeys in this bulk import request.

[field]#credentials``[x]``.publicKey# [type]#[String]# [required]#Required#::
The passkey's public key, encoded in PEM format.

[field]#credentials``[x]``.relyingPartyId# [type]#[String]# [required]#Required#::
The Relying Party Id used at the time the passkey was registered.
+

> [WARNING]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[WARNING.warning]
```

That's what I've seen.

====
This value **must** match the `rpId` value when the passkey was created, _and_ the browser origin during WebAuthn authentication in FusionAuth must be compatible with that Relying Party Id.
====

[field]#credentials``[x]``.signCount# [type]#[Integer]# [optional]#Optional# [default]#defaults to `0`#::
The last known signature count for the passkey.

[field]#credentials``[x]``.transports# [type]#[List<String>]# [optional]#Optional# [default]#defaults to ``[ ]``#::

> A list of transport types supported by the authenticator that generated the passkey. This value is used as a hint during the WebAuthn authentication ceremony to help identify eligible authenticators.

Reviewer: What does the default mean. `The default value indicates there are no supported transport types.` or something like that.

Author: The default is an empty list. Because this value is just a hint, that is fine. Until recently, Safari didn't provide the list of transports on the WebAuthn client API response.

Should I move the default to the description? Or I could leave the `[default]` as-is and add a message to the description that it can still find the authenticator without the transport hints?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A list of transport types supported by the authenticator that generated the passkey. This value is used as a hint during the WebAuthn authentication ceremony to help identify eligible authenticators.
+
The default value is the empty set, which means that no hints are provided. This does not impact the authentication ceremony negatively.
```

Does that make sense? I think leaving the default as is but just explaining what it affects (not much, based on what you told me) would be helpful.

[field]#credentials``[x]``.userId# [type]#[UUID]# [required]#Required#::

> The Id of the user that this passkey belongs to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Id of the user to which this passkey belongs.
```

[field]#validateDbConstraints# [type]#[Boolean]# [optional]#Optional# [default]#defaults to `false`#::
Set this value to `true` in order to perform additional validation of the request.
+

> The import request is intended to be used to migrate existing users' passkeys from one system to another, this means FusionAuth expects all user Ids from the request to exist for the requested tenant. If a non-existent user Id is encountered a `500` will be returned without this additional validation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The import request is intended to be used to migrate existing users' passkeys from one system to another, this means FusionAuth expects all user Ids from the request to exist for the provided tenant. If a non-existent user Id is encountered a `500` will be returned unless this field is set to `true`.
```
